Angular: add info about standalone and directives (#6970)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/ng-import-devextreme-modules.md

> If you use [standalone](https://angular.dev/guide/components) components, import the modules as following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use [standalone](https://angular.dev/guide/components) components, import the modules as show below:
```

> If you use [standalone](https://angular.dev/guide/components) components, import the modules as following:

Author: ```suggestion
If you use [standalone](https://angular.dev/guide/components) components, import the modules as shown below:
```

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    import { DxButtonModule } from 'devextreme-angular';

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        standalone: true,
        imports: [DxButtonModule],
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrl: './app.component.css'
    })
    export class AppComponent { }
    

> If you use `NgModule`, import the necessary DevExtreme modules as demonstrated in the following code snippet. If [tree shaking](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/40%20Common%20Features/10%20Tree%20Shaking.md '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Common_Features/Tree_Shaking/') is configured in your application, import the modules from `devextreme-angular`. If not, import them from specific files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use `NgModule`, import the DevExtreme modules as demonstrated in the following code snippet. If [tree shaking](/concepts/40%20Angular%20Components/40%20Common%20Features/10%20Tree%20Shaking.md '/Documentation/Guide/Angular_Components/Common_Features/Tree_Shaking/') is configured in your application, import the modules from `devextreme-angular`. If not, import them from files.
```
